README.md, before:

# GradescopePlus

## Description
GradescopePlus is a browser extension that calculates a studnet's course grade from their assignments on Gradescope. It allows users to edit weights for different categories of assignments, select assignment categories for each assignment, and calculate the current grade using the specified weights. Users can also add additional assignments and grades for "What-if" scenarios.

## Scope
~~Window to edit weights for different categories of assignments~~
~~Gathers assignment names and grades from Gradescope page~~
~~Users select assignment category (homework, exam, etc.) for each assignment~~
~~ Calculates current grade using weights~~
- (Optional) button to calculate the grade with all assignments equal weight
- Users can add additional assignments and grades for "What-if" scenarios
~~ extension automatically assigns assignment type to assignments with the assignment type in the name when assiignment type is created~~
- Good UI/UX

## To-do
~~Figure out how to gather information from Gradescope HTML~~
~~ have all of the buttons and info currently stuffed at the top of the page be in a nice panel~~
-

Commit message:

Added the info panels, improved UI, Commented code.

README.md, after:

# GradescopePlus

## Description
High-Vis Grades is NOT produced by or officially affiliated with Gradescope or Turnitin in any way.

High-Vis Grades is a browser extension that calculates a studnet's course grade from their assignments on Gradescope. It allows users to edit weights for different categories of assignments, select assignment categories for each assignment, and calculate the current grade using the specified weights. 

Assigning weights to assignments:

To assign weights to assignments, add a new assignment type and specify the percentage of the total grade that it makes up. For example, if homework assignments make up 20% of the total grade, add "Homework" and "20" in the input boxes and click "Add". You can add as many assignment types as you like. If the name of an assignemnt contains the name of an assignment type that you add, the dropdown menu will automatically select it. After adding all of the assignment types for your course, make sure that all of the currently graded assignments are assigned a type using their dropdown menus, otherwise they will not be included in the calculation.

Calculating your course grade:

To calculate your course grade, click the "Calculate Course Grade" button. The course grade will be calculated based on the weighted average of the grades for each assignment type. If two assignments are supposed to have different effects on the course grade, they should assigned different assignment types. This is because the amount of points that each assignment is worth is not taken into account, only the percentage. If two assignments have the same name, they will be treated as the one assignment.
